To: John

        Dear John Doe,

        Congratulations! We are pleased to inform you that you have been selected for membership in the LRU Chapter of Upsilon Pi Epsilon, the International Honor Society for Computing and Information disciplines. As an undergraduate student in the computing and information disciplines at Lenoir-Rhyne University, your selection has been based upon your outstanding achievement and high scholarship rating.

        The Upsilon Pi Epsilon Association was founded at Texas A&M University in 1967 for students and faculty who exhibit superior scholastic and professional achievement in the computing curriculum. It remains the only National Honor Society for the computing and information disciplines and is recognized as such by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) and IEEE Computer Society. In 1997, Upsilon Pi Epsilon was admitted as a member of the Association of College Honor Societies - the parent organization for all academic honor societies in North America. Lenoir-Rhyne University was chartered in 2022 as the sixth chapter of the state of North Carolina to the Association by the Executive Council of Upsilon Pi Epsilon. You can learn more about UPE from its website at https://www.acm.org/upe.

        Membership into Upsilon Pi Epsilon will be covered by the Donald and Helen Schort School of Mathematics and Computing Sciences Fund. This fee will go directly to the International Association and includes the cost of the lifetime membership fee. Each member will receive a membership certificate, a carat clad Recognition Key (lapel pin) to signify membership, and a UPE medallion for graduation ceremonies. Members will pay a $10 annual chapter fee that will go to the chapter treasurer for the charter group activities.

        ACM now provides free ACM student memberships to active members of UPE for one year, which includes subscriptions to Communications of the ACM, ACM's Digital Library, and more.

        An in-person initiation ceremony will be scheduled for a date to be determined in November. We will have an informal gathering and then the ceremony. This should last approximately 50 minutes. We will make plans to provide online access to the ceremony for alumni inductees unable to attend in person.

        To accept your invitation into the Lenoir-Rhyne Chapter of Upsilon Pi Epsilon, please complete this form no later than 2/12/25.

        Visit this form (jkjj) to provide us with some information, including a picture of yourself to be used in the ceremony, the way you want your name to show on your membership certificate, phonetic pronunciation for your name as needed, and the name of your hometown.

        Once again, congratulations, and we hope you will accept this opportunity to become a member of this prestigious Honor Society for the computing and information disciplines. Should you have any problems or questions, feel free to contact me. (Students unable to attend the ceremony may choose to join now and be initiated at our next ceremony.)
        